				Interview question

Quest 1 : 	How to solve issue when it will come on production.
Answer  : 	If issue comes on prod then first we check on uat with same input parameter , fixed issue there and then we will do same 
			changes on Production.

Quest 2 : how to create csv 
Answer  :

Quest 3 : How to handle 20/30 services in one bundle.

Cognizant internal Quest : 
Quest 4 : what is diff b/w seda and multicast.
Quest 5 : how to configure a db using mybatis and without mybatis.
Quest 6 : Why use integration and why we use camel for integration.
Quest 7 : Why

:::::::::::::::::::
Red Hat JBoss Fuse supports a variety of standards and protocols for creating web services, such as SOAP and WSDL among others, and allows for
 Contract-first or Code-first development with JAX-WS. In addition, Red Hat JBoss Fuse provides a standard way to build RESTful services in Java
 with JAX-RS.
 
 JBoss Fuse is a combination of several open source technologies, including Apache Camel, Apache CXF, Apache ActiveMQ, Apache Karaf, and Fabric8 in a
 single integrated distribution:


Component Used : camel-jdbc, camel-mybatis, Activemq , Direct, restlet, camel-jetti, camel-cxf, ftp , file ,camel-celocity,Qurtz, timer,
                 EIP : log, receipentList, Spilleter, Marshal, xPath,From,to ,wiretap
				 DataFOrmat : camel-jakson , camel-bindy, camel-xmljson, jax-b
				 
	First for new development, BA create a user stroy on tfs and assign to development team ,now we analysis and understand the bussiness requirement of
	user stroy ,If we don't understand some bussiness requiremnets, then arrange a metting with BA team and understand bussiness requiremnets. 
	afater that we share time effort estimation to BA,spoc,and client/user ,after getting aal requred permission start development on UAT. after 
	developemnt we do sanity/unit testing form our end QA team do the UAT testing  with user, after user confirmation and security team confirmation .
	we deplye on production , before deploye on prod we check port number availbility, database accessbility.
	for deployement on prod, spoc ,user and stackholder dbteam, are involed.